# LIS-Ergodic-Capacity-Estimation-

This is a code package is related to the follow scientific article:

Sepideh Ghandalia, Hamid Meghdadia, Ali Shahzadi,"Ergodic Capacity Estimation in the Uplink of Large Intelligent Surfaces with Linear Receivers", Physical Communication

The package contains a simulation environment, based on Matlab, that reproduces all the numerical results and figures in the article. 

# Abstract of Article
In this paper, we investigate the potential of data transmission in a large intelligent surface (LIS) system with a massive number of active elements. This emerging concept promises performance that surpasses the current scope of massive MIMO technology. In a LIS system, near-eld propagation properties play a signicant role. We analyze the channel capacity under the assumption that the desired channel is a perfect line of sight (LoS), while interference channels exhibit spatially correlated Rician fading. maximum ratio combining (MRC), zero forcing (ZF), and minimum mean square error (MMSE) combining schemes are considered. An approximate analysis of the uplink ergodic capacity in a LIS-based system is conducted, and an upper bound is derived, aligning well with simulation results. Our findings demonstrate that the channel in this system favorable propagation, enabling higher capacity under these conditions.

# Content of Code Package
The article contains 5 simulation figures. These are generated by the Matlab scripts simulationFigure1.m, ..., simulationFigure5.m. 
